today we're gonna make a painting and
sell it to an actual art gallery or at
least we're gonna try we started a day
by realizing a little experience he
actually the last time I painted was
when I was maybe six years old seven
years old I mean my grandma said it was
good but a lot of galleries would think
the same which also meant that we didn't
really know what to shop for so our
priorities were obviously on point
but we had a plan we can make a splash
painting and so we're gonna cut out a
heart glue it on here splash on it and
we'll see the outline of the heart did
Picasso we painted for about 20 minutes
and our final results at the time felt
celebration worthy so we celebrate it
look at our masterpiece
after flawlessly flying by the first
steps we were on our way to see our
first gallery created a fake Wikipedia
page who called myself Carl a knob rag
and made Matt act out of my agent I'm
freaking out on so many levels I could
not remember the last time I felt this
nervous and we were on to a rough start
I was it down as the not exactly the
gallery they sell Asian artwork not
necessarily Swedish painting artwork
alright we gotta go to the next one
the second one we visited did not even
exist anymore so clearly we had some
problems another failure for us we're on
our way to a third gallery but instead
decided to get some advice from some
friends working at a speed gallery
called station 16 before going any
further they advised us to call the
galleries before that we were out of
luck hello there
oh you don't buy anything at all right
now okay until we got a meeting Mar is a
pro at this kind of thing so we have to
change and he's gonna be the agent for
today should we be doing this we're not
doing this I think it's absolutely
terrible idea
could probably cost you identity fraud
especially if you're talking about
through the values of the work I really
recommend not doing this at all the
articulator of men of mud fields biggest
art galleries that accepted to meet with
us and we had no plan and only one hour
to get there we're totally screwed
pretty much with all our eggs in one
basket and we were running late and on
our way I forgot the painting I was
trying to step up we get to the gallery
right on time but the tension is now
rising and we don't have a plan for what
we're actually gonna say but we had to
go all of the art selling of this
gallery were a minimum two thousand
dollars with established famous artists
and after only ten minutes of discussion
with the our curator things were not
going like I must admit walls usually
murals in Sweden so I'm doing it mostly
you do but no portfolios show he called
our Bluff and we had to leave fast
probably called the consonants like
there wasn't there was no chance for us
to toot like
hope that he doesn't know the art that
we pull out or their wall because a guy
like this would like holding your place
like this inside that is that expensive
you'll probably know we now had to
change our strategy but what about a
restaurant yeah what about a restaurant
we talked to several restaurants but the
process was tedious and few managers
were present at the restaurants we went
to and we needed to sell this fast we
got a bit desperate and started to ask
strangers for 20 bucks for our painting
I live in a truck the new strategy
wasn't working and we were just about to
give up soon earth would buy this it's a
piece of or I did what the hell is
this
but amar wanted to give it a lot every
single time so I guess our last resort
is roller pen let's see what what
happens so Thomas we're going to crepe
store to some of my painting guys I mean
this is insulting
I think I'm an artist okay that's let's
try this in action
banana I'm a lotta project all I need
you so we have not yet accepted defeat
all right guys we're able to sell the
actual painting that we got it displayed
in the craves unsee
just give me a who
I had a yeah with you